This repository contains a few badly chosen labels. Find a couple of links on the internet on how to use labels and issues in Github and (copy) both text and links. in this document. Add a couple of labels that make sense to your repository

https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-labels
GitHub provides default labels in every new repository. You can use these default labels to help create a standard workflow in a repository:

Label	Description
bug	Indicates an unexpected problem or unintended behavior
documentation	Indicates a need for improvements or additions to documentation
duplicate	Indicates similar issues or pull requests
enhancement	Indicates new feature requests
good first issue	Indicates a good issue for first-time contributors
help wanted	Indicates that a maintainer wants help on an issue or pull request
invalid	Indicates that an issue or pull request is no longer relevant
question	Indicates that an issue or pull request needs more information
wontfix	Indicates that work won't continue on an issue or pull request
Default labels are included in every new repository when the repository is created, but you can edit or delete the labels later. For more information, see "Deleting a label."

Organization owners can customize the default labels for repositories in their organization. For more

https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/applying-labels-to-issues-and-pull-requests

On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
Under your repository name, click  Issues or  Pull requests.
Issues and pull requests tab selection
Select the checkbox next to the items you want to apply a label to.
Issues metadata checkbox
In the upper-right corner, click Label, then start typing the name of an existing label. Click the label's name to associate it with the selected items.
Issues Milestone assignment drop-down

https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/creating-a-label

On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
Under your repository name, click  Issues or  Pull requests.
Issues and pull requests tab selection
Above the list of issues or pull requests, click Labels.
Labels tab on a repository's issues or pull requests page
To the right of the search field, click New label.
Under "Label name", type a name for your label.
Field to type a label name
Under "Description", type a description to help others understand and use your label.
Field to type a label description
Optionally, to customize the color of your label, edit the hexadecimal number, or click the refresh button for another random selection.
Issues new label color refresh
To save the new label, click Create label.
